_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title: <strong>Your</strong> Name
description: <a href="">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true
social: true
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Change about page and remove other sites

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title: <strong>Felix</strong> L. Opolka
description: Graduate student in computer science at the University of Cambridge #<a href="">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  <!-- address: >
    Christ's College, Cambridge -->
    <!-- <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p> -->

news: true
social: true
---

Hello, thanks for visiting my website! I'm Felix Opolka, an aspiring computer science researcher specialising in **machine learning**. Currently, I am a graduate student at the University of Cambridge studingy for an MPhil in Advanced Computer Science.

I was born and raised in Regensburg, a small town in Bavaria, Germany. After attending high school there, I moved to Munich to study Computer Science at the **Technical University of Munich** in 2015. During my undergraduate degree, I have developed a strong interest in machine learning and ended up doing research on using machine learning methods for drug discovery and later protein structure prediction in my final year.

After graduating in 2018, I enrolled in a master's degree at the **University of Cambridge** where I am continuing my research on machine learning methods.

In my free time I have always enjoyed writing and I have headed my high school's student newspaper for many years as well as the student council's newspaper during my time in Munich. Besides that, I enjoy running, hiking, and skiing.
